I'm sure, you're also thinking this is
going too fast, too much coconut oil.
Of course free range organic coconut oil
that is, but we're going deeper, okay?
So the thing what I need you to do now,
is I need you to get the metamask
extension for your browser.
So, metamask is a wallet extension
that is very, very common.
I would call it the quote
unquote de facto standard.
So just download it,
install it, create an account.
This will be a test account.
Make sure you put that in your head.
This is a test account.
So make a silly password.
Get ready to delete this and
not use it for any sort of real items.
If you ever do a real contract later on,
create a fresh account,
make sure you have all
the credentials saved.
You don't wanna lose anything because last
thing you want is to create the greatest
NFT in the world that you
cannot have any money for.
Or the greatest contract in
the world that's not an NFT and
you can't do anything with it.
Second, you need a positive attitude
don't forget that very important and
also third consider watching my other
suite courses on front end, alright?
So I'll give you guys a couple moments to
create an account it should take about
three minutes to create the account.
>> Should I use my metamask account?
>> You can use your metamask account,
if you already have one, go for
it because we're going to be
primarily dealing in localhost.
So you'll just be adding that it's just I
always I have a big warning because I have
12 Bitcoin locked away currently I know
half million know nothing like a half
mil locked away forever.
But if you're not careful with
these pieces of software,
you'll accidentally screw yourself.
So when you're doing something for test,
just remember, that mark it down and
if you ever use it again.
Create a new one, it's just how I live
my life, one mistake at a time that is.
So hey by popular demand I have added
what I've been typing thus far.
And I am pushing it up to a repo so
you can go to ThePrimeagen/jpgdegens which
will have each step along the way so
we've done our first commit which
is at the deploy script right here.
So you can actually go to the scripts and
go and check out, say hello.
This is where we were at right here.
And so as I do each step,
I'll also deploy it.
And if there's any missing
code from within here,
I'll try to add it as we go along.
So hopefully everyone got
etamask ,got an account started.
Second, you got a positive attitude.
And third, you bookmarked
perhaps these other courses.
All right, awesome .All right so
let's import the test account from our
little Aetherium network that's
running on our computer into metamask.
So I may actually accidentally
already have that done.
I'm gonna type in my seat.
Yeah, I forgot this is my,
I made this one on stream so
it has a fairly inappropriate password.
Because that's how you
do things around here.
And so this is my Rinkeby test network.
And so if I go to my local host one here,
I'm gonna just remove this account,
so we can go through together.
So we're gonna go to our node.
We're gonna go up to say you can pick
any of these accounts you would like.
I'm gonna pick the first account.
I'm gonna copy out the private key.
I'm going to go back to metamask.
I'm gonna now go in here and
I'm gonna click this top little
circular icon and go import account.
I'm gonna paste in the private key and
press Import.
And so there we go we have
now imported in that one.
Second, I'm gonna go to this little
network, you may be on the main net,
you may be on some test net I'm
gonna go down to localhost.
And when I do that,
you'll see right away, I am loaded.
Lots of Aetherium going on, but
it's not quite 10,000, right?
That's it.
It always hurts when you
almost lose a comma.
But what actually happened here is when
we deployed our Hello World contract,
I had to spend some of my Etherium that
is why I'm not perfectly at 10,000,
I'm at point 9999.
There we go.
So now we have one of our tech accounts
inside of our metamask plugin,
so fantastic.
So everyone hopefully gets caught up here,
make sure you're local host,
that's very important.
So if you don't see your money in there,
it's because you're probably not pointing
to the local host Environment for
Metamask.
>> We have to say you test network screw?
>> Maybe if that's probably something
I forgot that at some point I've yeah,
there's a view testing network thing
step that I guess I've done it so
many times I forgot that
was the first step.
So if you got tripped up there,
my fault, I'm sorry